content/local_goodreads.md, before:

---
title: "Book Listings"
date: 2023-03-11T11:48
draft: false
---

# What I am 'currently reading'
1. [Antifragile](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13530973-antifragile?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=yJqsOjI0Qr&rank=1)
2. [Not Nice](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36505071-not-nice?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=7ZdusNtTth&rank=2)

# What I 'want to read'
1.  [The Gifts of Imperfection](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7015403-the-gifts-of-imperfection?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_25) 
2.  [You’re not Listening](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45892276-you-re-not-listening?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=AuBqtOqIzn&rank=1)
3.  [Common Sense](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/161744.Common_Sense?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=B9dXqXLiCp&rank=1)
4.  [Adult Children of Emotionally Immature Parents](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23129659-adult-children-of-emotionally-immature-parents?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
5.  [Build: An Unorthodox Guide](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/120869259-summary-of-build?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
6.  [The Phoenix Project](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17255186-the-phoenix-project?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_19)
7.  [The Hard Thing About Hard Things](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18176747-the-hard-thing-about-hard-things?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=TF6Uy9TIeq&rank=1) 
8.  [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43713.Structure_and_Interpretation_of_Computer_Programs?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_24)
9.  [A Philosophy of Software Design](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39996759-a-philosophy-of-software-design?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=tRMSRod3Uz&rank=1)
10. [The Pragmatic Programmer](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4099.The_Pragmatic_Programmer?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
11. [An Elegant Puzzle](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45303387-an-elegant-puzzle?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
12. [Software Engineering at Google](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48816586-software-engineering-at-google?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=OIxbvh8zJ0&rank=1)
13. [Inspired](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35249663-inspired?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_14)
14. [Fear and Trembling](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24965.Fear_and_Trembling?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_16)
15. [Philosophical Investigations](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12073.Philosophical_Investigations?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=hN2Ad0QmoE&rank=1)
16. [100 years of solitude](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/320.One_Hundred_Years_of_Solitude?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_13)
17. [Feeling Good](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46674.Feeling_Good?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_8)
18. [Rewire your anxious brain](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20344354-rewire-your-anxious-brain?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_14)
20. [Navigating 'Ask' & 'Guess' Culture](https://medium.com/redhill-review/navigating-ask-and-guess-cultures-in-a-modern-world-30b167f8ab09)
21. [A Story on Rami Malek](https://thesocietypages.org/holocaust-genocide/rami-malek-coptic-egyptian-arab-white/)
22. [Endless Holocausts: Mass Death in the History of the United States Empire](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/104134373-endless-holocausts)

# What I 'have read'
1. [:heart:,:heart:,:broken_heart:,:broken_heart:,:broken_heart:] [Mouse Heaven or Mouse Hell?](https://www.sciencehistory.org/distillations/mouse-heaven-or-mouse-hell#:~:text=Biologist%20John%20Calhoun's%20rodent%20experiments,consumed%20by%20fears%20of%20overpopulation.&text=John%20Calhoun%20crouching%20inside%20Universe,%2Dbehavior%20experiment%2C%20February%201970.&text=Officially%2C%20the%20colony%20was%20called,it%20was%20called%20mouse%20heaven)

Commit message:

added some things from local notes

content/local_goodreads.md, after:

---
title: "Book Listings"
date: 2023-03-11T11:48
draft: false
---

# 'want to read'
1.  [The Gifts of Imperfection](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7015403-the-gifts-of-imperfection?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_25) 
2.  [You’re not Listening](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45892276-you-re-not-listening?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=AuBqtOqIzn&rank=1)
3.  [Common Sense](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/161744.Common_Sense?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=B9dXqXLiCp&rank=1)
4.  [Adult Children of Emotionally Immature Parents](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23129659-adult-children-of-emotionally-immature-parents?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
5.  [Build: An Unorthodox Guide](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/120869259-summary-of-build?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
6.  [The Phoenix Project](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17255186-the-phoenix-project?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_19)
7.  [The Hard Thing About Hard Things](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18176747-the-hard-thing-about-hard-things?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=TF6Uy9TIeq&rank=1) 
8.  [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/43713.Structure_and_Interpretation_of_Computer_Programs?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_24)
9.  [A Philosophy of Software Design](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/39996759-a-philosophy-of-software-design?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=tRMSRod3Uz&rank=1)
10. [The Pragmatic Programmer](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4099.The_Pragmatic_Programmer?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
11. [An Elegant Puzzle](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/45303387-an-elegant-puzzle?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_17)
12. [Software Engineering at Google](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/48816586-software-engineering-at-google?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=OIxbvh8zJ0&rank=1)
13. [Inspired](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35249663-inspired?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_14)
14. [Fear and Trembling](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/24965.Fear_and_Trembling?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_16)
15. [Philosophical Investigations](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12073.Philosophical_Investigations?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=hN2Ad0QmoE&rank=1)
16. [100 years of solitude](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/320.One_Hundred_Years_of_Solitude?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_13)
17. [Feeling Good](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/46674.Feeling_Good?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_8)
18. [Rewire your anxious brain](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20344354-rewire-your-anxious-brain?ref=nav_sb_ss_1_14)
20. [Navigating 'Ask' & 'Guess' Culture](https://medium.com/redhill-review/navigating-ask-and-guess-cultures-in-a-modern-world-30b167f8ab09)
21. [A Story on Rami Malek](https://thesocietypages.org/holocaust-genocide/rami-malek-coptic-egyptian-arab-white/)
22. [Endless Holocausts: Mass Death in the History of the United States Empire](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/104134373-endless-holocausts)
23. [Medicore](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/53056522)
24. [The Dispossessed](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13651.The_Dispossessed)
25. [Attachement Styles](http://labs.psychology.illinois.edu/~rcfraley/attachment.htm)
26. [The Drama of the Gifted Child](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4887.The_Drama_of_the_Gifted_Child)
27. [Thou Shall Not Be Aware](https://www.goodreads.com/de/book/show/423910)
28. [Dr. K's Guide to Mental Health](https://www.healthygamer.gg/about/guide)
29. [Fly over state](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/7397410)
30. [The Drama of a gifted child](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/4887.The_Drama_of_the_Gifted_Child)
31. [Thou shall not be aware](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/423910.Thou_Shalt_Not_Be_Aware_)
32. [Codependent no more](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/61865476-codependent-no-more)
33. [Attached](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9547888-attached)
34. [C-PTSD, from surviving to thriving](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/20556323)
35. [Reflections on gender and science](https://www.goodreads.com/en/book/show/1169918)

# 'reading'
1. [Antifragile](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13530973-antifragile?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=yJqsOjI0Qr&rank=1)
2. [Not Nice](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/36505071-not-nice?from_search=true&from_srp=true&qid=7ZdusNtTth&rank=2)
3. [The Simple Path to Wealth: Your road map to financial independence and a rich, free life](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/30646587-the-simple-path-to-wealth)

# 'read'
1. [:heart:,:heart:,:broken_heart:,:broken_heart:,:broken_heart:] [Mouse Heaven or Mouse Hell?](https://www.sciencehistory.org/distillations/mouse-heaven-or-mouse-hell#:~:text=Biologist%20John%20Calhoun's%20rodent%20experiments,consumed%20by%20fears%20of%20overpopulation.&text=John%20Calhoun%20crouching%20inside%20Universe,%2Dbehavior%20experiment%2C%20February%201970.&text=Officially%2C%20the%20colony%20was%20called,it%20was%20called%20mouse%20heaven)
